(bright quirky music)
♪ I have a picture ♪
♪ Pinned to my wall ♪
♪ An image of you and of
me and we're laughing ♪
♪ We're loving it all ♪
♪ But look at our life now ♪
♪ All tattered and torn ♪
♪ We fuss and we fight ♪
♪ And delight in the tears
that we cry until dawn ♪
♪ Oh, whoa ♪
♪ Hold me now, whoa ♪
♪ Warm my heart ♪
♪ Stay with me ♪
♪ Let loving start ♪
♪ You say I'm a dreamer ♪
♪ We're two of a kind ♪
♪ Both of us searching
for some perfect world ♪
♪ We know we'll never find ♪
♪ So perhaps I should leave here ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, and go far away ♪
♪ But you know that there's
nowhere that I'd rather be ♪
♪ Than with you here today ♪
♪ Oh, whoa, oh, whoa ♪
♪ Hold me now, whoa ♪
♪ Warm my heart ♪
♪ Stay with me ♪
♪ Let loving start ♪
♪ Let loving start, whoa ♪
♪ Hold me now, whoa ♪
♪ Warm my heart ♪
♪ Stay with me ♪
♪ Let loving start ♪
♪ Let loving start, whoa ♪
(upbeat music)
♪ You ask if I love you ♪
♪ Well, what could I say ♪
♪ You know that I do ♪
♪ And that this is just one
of those games that we play ♪
♪ So I'll sing you a new song ♪
♪ Please don't cry anymore ♪
♪ I'll even ask your forgiveness ♪
♪ Though I don't know just
what I'm asking it for ♪
♪ Oh, whoa, oh, whoa ♪
♪ Hold me now ♪
♪ Hold me in your loving arms ♪
♪ Whoa, warm my heart ♪
♪ Warm my cold and tired heart ♪
♪ Stay with me ♪
♪ Will you stay with me ♪
♪ Let loving start ♪
♪ Let loving start, whoa ♪
♪ Hold me now ♪
♪ Hold me in your loving arms ♪
♪ Whoa, warm my heart ♪
♪ Warm my cold and tired heart ♪
♪ Stay with me ♪
♪ Let loving start ♪
♪ Let loving start, whoa ♪
♪ Hold me now ♪
♪ Hold me in your loving arms ♪
♪ Whoa, warm my heart ♪
♪ Warm my cold and tired heart ♪
♪ Stay with me ♪
♪ Will you stay with me ♪
♪ Let loving start ♪
♪ Let loving start, whoa ♪
♪ Hold me now ♪
♪ Hold me in your loving arms ♪
♪ Whoa, warm my heart ♪
♪ Warm my cold and tired heart ♪
♪ Stay with me ♪
♪ Will you stay with me ♪
♪ Let loving start ♪
♪ Let loving start, whoa ♪
♪ Hold me now ♪
♪ Hold me in your loving arms ♪
♪ Whoa, warm my heart ♪
♪ Warm my cold and tired heart ♪
♪ Stay with me ♪
♪ Will you stay with me ♪
♪ Let loving start ♪